version 1.0

Hi! This is a little program I wrote in a day, although I had tried before and you can even see the old
even MORE terrible version in the files. This program uses a text interface because I didn't want to 
code a gui, but maybe I will make an update with that in the future! The program currently allows you
to tag your fangames, and then search by those tags! It also lets you jump to the folder a game in is 
when you are ready to play it. 

general tips:
-It is also very prone to crashing if you don't give it correct input 
because I was too lazy to validate input, so its just up to the user to not fuck up lol.
-When you enter input, you can usually just enter nothing, and it defaults to no, or cancelling the 
action.

---Tutorial---
When you start up, you get the main menu. Here you can search through your games, but on a first boot 
up you wont have any so select scan for new games! 

-setting root directory-
You also need to set your root directory before you scan, which is the folder all your fangames are in . 
just find that folder, select it and hit copy path. You can change this later in settings.

-scanning-
Now the program will locate every exe file in the fangame folder. For each exe you can choose to add it 
or not. You will usually want to add it, unless its an exe that isnt a fangame. In that case, you can 
choose to exclude it and it will be ignored in future scans.

-Tagging games!
When you add a game, you will be prompted to add a name and, the creators! You should not leave this 
blank so you can actually find the game. Also, try to be carefull with typos. The search does ignore 
case and tries to search by parts of a string, but still be careful. For tags, you usually want to add 
existing tags, but when you are first tagging all your games, you will need to create them! There is 
currently noway to change a tag when you add it to the pool, so name it well. You can edit the 
attributes of each game later, in the main menu. It will take frankly forever to tag all your games 
especially if you have a lot like me, but you should only have to do it once, even if the program 
updates since I will make it so the games data it back compatible. If you get tired of tagging, say
yes to stopping the loop and go back to the main menu and stop running, to make sure it saves.

-The main menu and searching your games!-
The main menu lets you access every action in the program. You had to use it to scan your games, and 
now you can search through your games, configure settings, or rescan when you add new games! When you 
search anything or just get all the games, the porgram will display all of them with their 
attributes, and then you can choose a game to preform actions on!

-selecting a game-
Here you can retag the game, remove it from the database, or open its folder in windows explorer!